# PRIVACY POLICY
## Nipa Games

Nipa Games(”Nipa Games”, “We” or “Us”) respects your privacy and is 
dedicated to protecting the privacy of those persons using (“User(s)” or 
“You”) Nipa Games’s mobile games, Nipa Games webpages and other services 
provided by Nipa Games on a mobile or other platform (“Services”). This 
Privacy Policy helps You to understand what personal information/data 
(“Personal Information”) and non-personal information We collect, and how 
We use it.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Services and You should 
read this document before using the Services. This Privacy Policy is 
incorporated into and is subject to the Nipa Games Terms of Service. If 
You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not use the 
Services.

If you are a minor in your country of residence, please seek parental 
consent before using the Services. If You are under 13, please do not 
attempt to access or take in use our Services (if not explicitly otherwise 
stated in the relevant service) or send any information about yourself to 
Us. Nipa Games will not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone 
under the age of 13.

“Personal Information” refers to information, which allows an User to be 
specifically identified as an individual person. We may also collect 
“non-personal information” meaning it can’t be used to specifically 
identify anyone. Non-personal information may also result from removing 
the personally identifiable parts from Personal Information. We collect 
and use both types of information and combinations of both types.

### 1. Processing Personal Information
Nipa Games will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant 
for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

Personal Information may be processed for the purposes of creating 
Services accounts, using, maintaining, customizing and developing the 
Services, contacting Users, user verification, providing services, sending 
customer and marketing information to Users, enabling communication in the 
Services, conducting research, creating reports and offering competitions 
and sweepstakes..

We may also use collected information to create an user profile link or 
combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help 
understand your preferences and provide You with better services and 
identify and suggest connections with other users. Personal Information 
may also be used to provide customer service and other services at your 
request, to send You information, including confirmations, invoices, 
technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support messages, as well 
as communicate with You about promotions and other news about products and 
services offered by Nipa Games.

Nipa Games commits to adhere to the provisions of the Finnish Personal 
Data Act (Henkilötietolaki) and other applicable laws and regulations 
pertaining to processing of Personal Information, as well as to process 
Personal Information in compliance with good processing practices. All 
Nipa Games’ personnel processing Personal Information are obliged to keep 
such information strictly confidential.

### 2. Information We may Collect and Sources of Information
We collect several categories of information:

- Information You give to us
- Technically gathered information when You use our Services
- Information from third parties (such as Facebook and Twitter) in 
relation to our service.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign 
up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect). 
This information may include your name, unique username, e-mail address, 
gender, location, date and/or year of birth and phone number.

We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use 
our Services. This information may include your Internet Protocol address, 
time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, 
hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access 
times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol 
(“IP”) address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media 
access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity 
(“IMEI”), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g. 
to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.

We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s) 
such as through Facebook Connect, Apple’s Game Center or any other third 
party service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow 
your social networking site to make that information available to Nipa 
Games and, consequently Nipa Games may be able to collect certain 
information from your social networking profile when your social 
networking site permits to make that information available. In such case 
we may collect Personal Information, such as your user ID, name, e-mail 
address, and profile picture that are available in your public profile 
with such third party, and content such as posts, comments, media, and 
applications. You may be able to control the types of personal data 
available in the profile of such third party services by adjusting the 
privacy settings available therein.

Nipa Games may collect non-personal information on Users’ activities in 
the Services, such as the amount of levels completed and the length of 
time played, interactions with other players and other interactions with a 
game or website.

In order to improve the Services Nipa Games may use tools from third party 
service providers, such as Google Analytics to collect and use 
non-personal information. Google Analytics collects and stores data such 
as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of our websites, 
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the type of operating system used 
in the devices used to access. You may decline the collection and storage 
of your data in the future and opt out at 
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

In addition to Google Analytics, as an element of the Services, we also 
use other third party data analytics service providers, such as Game 
Analytics, which help us analyze and improve our games. The data collected 
by data analytics service providers enables us to understand usage of the 
Services. Usage information and Personal Information are stored by such 
service providers and are subject to their privacy policies.

We may feature advertising within the Services, and may employ third party 
technologies to collect information in the Services. If You wish to “opt 
out” of certain targeted advertising, You can visit 
http://www.youradchoices.com and/or www.networkadvertising.org. Please 
note that the links above may not reach all of our advertising partners 
and certain targeted advertising may still be displayed to You.

collected related advertising networks shall be used in accordance with 
this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the third-party providing 
applicable technology. If You want to be sure that no targeted 
advertisements will be displayed to You please do not use or access the 
Services. In addition, please note that if You “opt out” of targeted 
advertising, You will still receive advertising that is not personalized 
to You.

### 3. Disclosing and Hosting Information
In connection with your use of the Services, including uploading user 
generated content into the Services, or through any communication in the 
Services, You may disclose data about yourself to other users, and any 
such data should be considered public information with no expectation of 
privacy. Nipa Games is not responsible for any Personal Information You 
choose to make public in the Services. By default, the information You 
send to a recipient is only viewable to that specific recipient unless You 
specify other recipients or choose to make it otherwise public.

Nipa Games will not disclose your stored Personal Information to third 
parties for direct marketing, market research, polls or public registers 
without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature 
for which You will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. Nipa Games shall 
not be responsible for any processing of Personal Information by third 
parties. The Personal Information might be used for targeted in-service 
marketing and other similar purposes, and upon your consent, to email 
marketing by Nipa Games and selected third-parties.

We may use external service providers to provide technical solutions or 
services for processing stored information and access the stored 
information by using a technical interface and share your personally 
information with third party service providers to the extent that it is 
reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the Services. We may 
use third party service providers, such as e-mail service providers, 
credit card processors, information analyzers and business intelligence 
providers. Nipa Games has right to share Personal Information as necessary 
for the aforementioned service providers to provide their services to Nipa 
Games. Nipa Games is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third 
parties.

We may share non-personal information (such as anonymous User usage data, 
referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, asset views, number of 
clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in 
understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, 
advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality of the Services. In 
exceptional circumstances Personal Information may be disclosed to third 
parties if required under any applicable law or regulation or order by 
competent authorities, or in order to enforce the Terms of Service and to 
investigate possible infringing use of the Services as well as to 
guarantee the safety of the Services.

Nipa Games does not use or disclose to third parties any Personal 
Information or non-personal information of minors for the purposes of 
advertising. Nipa Games does its best effort to prevent any unsolicited or 
inappropriate advertisement through the Services. If you have received any 
unauthorized or inappropriate advertisement through the Services we 
request You to contact support(at)greenergrass.company.

Nipa Games may share your information in connection with any merger, sale 
of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our 
business. Aggregate or anonymous information about You may be shared with 
advertisers, publishers, business partners, and other third parties.

### 4. Protection of Information
The registers will be maintained in external service providers’ servers 
with appropriate safeguards, such as password protection, granting the 
access to the stored information only to persons working at Nipa Games or 
Nipa Games partners who are expressly authorized by Nipa Games. The 
register is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and 
organisatory safety measures. Although we make good faith efforts to store 
the information collected on the services in a secure operating 
environment that is not available to the public, We cannot guarantee the 
absolute security of that information during its transmission or its 
storage on our systems. Nipa Games will post a notice on the Nipa Games 
website or through the Services in case material security breach that 
endangers your privacy or Personal Information. Nipa Games may also 
temporarily shut down a service to protect Personal Information.

### 5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
A cookie is a string of information or a small text file that a website 
stores on a visitor’s device, and that the visitor’s browser or operating 
system provides to "remember" things about your visit. Nipa Games may use 
cookies to help it identify and track visitors, their usage of the 
Services, and their access preferences, improving quality, tailoring 
recommendations, and developing the Services. The cookies will not enable 
Nipa Games to access and review information stored on a User’s computer. 
In addition to cookies, Nipa Games may use other existing or later 
developed tracking technologies. These tracking technologies may set, 
change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your device.

Nipa Games may work with third parties who use cookies and other tracking 
technologies to track the effectiveness of the advertisements that may be 
placed in the Services. They are used for analyzing advertisement view 
counts, and are not linked to your Personal Information. They might also 
allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other 
websites, and/or set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations 
on your device.

Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set 
their devices to refuse cookies or tracking before using the Services, 
with the drawback that certain features of such service may not function 
properly.

Please note that some parts of the Services may be country specific, and 
may not work properly if Nipa Games is unable to tell where You are 
accessing the Services from.

### 6. Information on the processing of Personal Information
Users are entitled to review any information collected on him/her and 
stored in the register. When User wishes to use the above right to review 
stored information, User should send a signed request thereof to Nipa 
Games using the contact details below. We will, at our own initiative or 
upon a User’s request, complement, correct or delete incomplete, 
inaccurate or outdated Personal Information.

You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following the 
instructions in those emails. If You opt-out, Nipa Games may still send 
You non-promotional customer information, such as emails about your 
account, providing the Service or Nipa Games’s ongoing business relations.

### 7. Changes to the Privacy Policy
Nipa Games may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Nipa 
Games‘s sole discretion. All changes hereto will be made available on this 
website, which is why Nipa Games encourages Users to frequently check this 
page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes hereto will not 
prejudice Users’ rights without their consent.


